player:Shrek
map:r1
    room:r1,forest,Looking at the area you see a dense forest something about it calls to you there may be something here to look at,false
        equipment:r1,rock,an old rock,false,break,c1,pi1,using the rock to break through the cottage window you discover the origin of that delicious smell. its a apple pie
        equipment:bg1,bug,A big bug,false,give,spdr1,str1,Giving the spider the bug she snatches it from you and scarfs it down. "For youre gift il hold of on eating you for now"
        npc:owl1,owl,An old owl,false,Oh hello i didnt see you there my eyesight isnt getting any better. i must say this forrest does have quit a few rock in it,false,not needed,pi1
        exit:e1,east,You see a path leading east,r2,false
        exit:e2,south,You see a path leading south,r5,false
    room:r2,meadow,looking at the meadow the only thing of interest you see is a cottage,false
        equipment:pi1,pie,a delicious apple pie,true,give,horse1,key1,Giving the horse the apple pie. it scarfs it down commenting on how delicious it was. it then turns takes a rusty key in it mouth and drops it on the floor expecting you to pick it up
        container:c1,cottage,when you look you can make out a old but homey cottage. as you look you start to smell something delicious,false
        exit:e3,west,you see a path leading east,r1,false
        exit:e4,east,you see a path leading west,r3,false
        exit:e5,south,you see a path leading south,r6,false
    room:r3,grasslands,looking at the grasslands you see a stable standing on it lonesome,false
        equipment:key1,key,a rusty key. looks like it would fit in a rusty key hole,true,unlock,lib1,book1,puting the key into the hole you unlock the library revealing it contained a book of jokes
        npc:horse1,horse,a brown stalion,false,oh hello you there. i say would you mind giving me something appely to eat,false,oh i must say i am quit stuffed from that pie. thank you for that,horse1
        item:flsh1,flashlight,a pretty normal flashlight,false
        feature:st1,stable,a pretty sturdy stable. you think you see something moving inside,false
        exit:e6,west,you see a path leading west,r2,false
        exit:e7,east,you see a path leading east,r4,false
        exit:e8,south,you see a path leading south,r7,false
    room:r4,meadow,Looking across this meadow you standing on its own a library,false
        feature:lib1,library,looking at the library you see the only entrance is a locked rusty door,false
        equipment:book1,book,a book a jokes that make you laugh,true,give,scr1,axe1,Giving the book of jokes to the scarecrow he chuckles as he reads. "Thank you for the book" he says. here take this axe in my back"
        item:nail1,nail,an old nail,false
        exit:e9,west,you see a path leading west,r3,false
        exit:e10,south,you see a path leading south,r8,false
    room:r5,marsh,you come accross a marsh. looking closer you see a lake in the middle,false
        feature:lk1,lake,looking you see a murky lake with slimy moss at the bottom. you think you saw something moving at the bottom,false
        equipment:fish1,fish,A big slimey fish,true,give,bear1,gun1,throwing the bear the slimey fish you hear some strange noises.Then see a gun sliding out of the cave towards you
        exit:e11,north,you see a path leading north,r1,false
        exit:e12,east,you see a path leading east,r6,false
        exit:e13,south,you see a path leading south,r9,false
    room:r6,river,Looking in the area you see a babling brooke and a giant tree as well as a beaver near the base of the tree.You notice the bark of the tree is striped at the base,false
        feature:tre1,tree,Looking you see a large oak tree,false
        item:stc1,stick,A sturdy stick,true
        npc:beaver1,beaver,A small but old beaver,false,in a voice that sound exactly like Mat Berry "my word ever since my teeth fell out i am unable to build a damn...tell you what if you can nock this tree down il give you a cool stick",false,in that same voice you here "OI WHAT ARE YOU STILL DOING HERE.LEAVE",tre1
        exit:e14,north,you see a path leading north,r2,false
        exit:e15,east,you see a path leading east,r7,false
        exit:e16,west,you see a path leading west,r5,false
        exit:e17,south,you see a path leading south,r10,false
    room:r7,swamp,Looking at the swamp you dont really see anything of interest other than what look like a tree stump on top of a house. As well as seeing a green ogre,false
        feature:tre2,stump,Looking at the tree stump you see nothing of interest,false
        feature:house1,house,looking at the house you see nothing of interest,false
        npc:ogre1,ogre,A sad ogre,false,as you go to say hello to the ogre he cuts you off "My swamp has dried. my fish have died.i bide my time. alone .resigned.with only the song of birds to ease my mind",false,as you attempt to talk to the ogre he does not reply or acknowlege you and just continues to listen to the music,ogre1
        item:rb1,ruby,A pretty red ruby.when you put it close to a light it has a wierd affect,true
        exit:e18,north,a path leading north,r3,false
        exit:e19,west,a path leading west,r6,false
        exit:e20,east,a path leading east,r8,false
        exit:e21,south,a path leading south,r12,false
    room:r8,nest,looking at the room. to you it looks like a giant spider nest,false
        npc:spdr1,spider,looking at the spider you cant help but notice how large she is. she could easily kill you. best to continue carfully,false,as you go to talk to her she says "Well look who walked into my nest. Im feeling kind of peckish.If you dont deliver me some food il make you my dinner",false,trying to talk the the spider again she says "Leave me be",spdr1
        item:str1,string,A really sturdy string,true
        exit:e22,north,a path leading north,r4,false
        exit:e23,west,a path leading west,r7,false
        exit:e24,south,a path leading south,r12,false
    room:r9,farm,looking at the area you see that it is a farm. in the middle of the farm you see something of interst,false
        npc:scr1,scarecrow,Nothing but a basic scarecrow.....you think you saw it move,false,aprouching the scarecrow it says "hey there" it says "wanna hear a joke". "yes" you reply. It then says "well i would tell ya if a knew one" "make one up" you say."i would but my head of hay isnt great at thinking...tell you what give me some jokes and il give you this thing in my back",false,As you aprouch the scarecrow he repeats the joke you told him back to you... you laugh to not upset him,scr1
        equipment:axe1,axe,a sturdy a axe good for cutting,true,chop,tre1,stc1,as you walk to cut down the tree the beaver sees you and says "Ahhhh you've returned and with a shiny thingy on a stick.... well come along and cut my tree". you oblige cutting with fever until you hear cracking and hear a loud chrash as the tree falls into the river."well my my. i cant believe you've done it my dear chap. Well as promised here you go" as he offers you a stick
        exit:e25,north,a path leading north,r5,false
        exit:e26,east,a path leading east,r10,false
    room:r10,hill,looking in the area you see a small hill.with a man dancing to music on top of it,false
        npc:man1,man,a basic looking man who is dancing,false,walking up to talk to the man you ask where the music is coming and he replys "its from a radio stuffed in my pocket....YOU CANT HAVE IT",false,........... you dont get a response,man1
        equipment:rad1,radio,a radio from the man you killed,true,give,ogre1,rb1,Giving the radio to the ogre he handles it carefully.then proceeds to turn it on causing a smile to spread take accross his face. He the says to you "my swamp lies still no fish in sight.but music will fill the air tonight. for this joy a gift il share. a red ruby handle it with gentle care". he then throws the ruby to you but you do not catch it and it falls at youre feet
        npc:ghost1,ghost,the ghost of the man you killed,true,seing proof of the afterlife you are stunned. Before you can say anything the ghost says to you "ah its you.the man who killed me welp if you want anything else you aint getting it",false,you go to talk to the ghost....... no response,ghost1
        item:ecto1,ectoplasm,some wierd slimey substance you stole from the ghost,true
        exit:e27,north,a path leading north,r6,false
        exit:e28,west,a path leading west,r9,false
        exit:e29,east,a path leading east,r11,false
    room:r11,mountain,you see with a mountain range with what looks like a cave in it,false
        feature:cave1,cave,a dark cave,false
        npc:bear1,bear,a big bear that you cannot see but you can hear. you dont think you should get any closer,false,"if you give me something to eat il give you something shiney",false,"leave me alone",bear1
        equipment:gun1,gun,a black slick gun.holding this in your hand makes you feel powerfull,true,shoot,man1,rad1,Shooting the man who refused to give you his radio.you see the radio fall out of his body
        exit:e30,north,a path leading north,r7,false
        exit:e31,west,a path leading west,r10,false
        exit:e32,east,a path leading neast,r12,false
    room:r12,hell,the actuall christian hell,false
        equipment:trch1,torch,a torch with blue flames,false,burn,ghost1,ecto1,putting the flame of the torch to the ghost you cant help but delight as he goes up in flames.leaving nothing but a puddle of ectoplasm behind
        exit:e33,north,a path leading north,r8,false
        exit:e34,west,a path leading west,r11,false